Update avail-sl-integrations.md (#4154)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/avail-sl-integrations.md

There are a number of data applications that seamlessly integrate with the dbt Semantic Layer, powered by MetricFlow, from business intelligence tools to notebooks, spreadsheets, data catalogs, and more. These integrations allow you to query and unlock valuable insights from your data ecosystem.

> Query dbt metrics with external integrations using the [dbt Semantic Layer APIs](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-api-overview), simplifying metric querying and reducing coding. This also ensures data governance and consistency for data consumers.

Author: ```suggestion
Use the [dbt Semantic Layer APIs](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-api-overview) to simplify metric queries, optimize your development workflow, and reduce coding. This approach also ensures data governance and consistency for data consumers.

```

> <span>Query dbt metrics with external integrations using the <a href="https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-api-overview" target="_self">{frontMatter.meta.api_name}</a></span>, simplifying metric querying and reducing coding. This also ensures data governance and consistency for data consumers.<br /><br />

Author: ```suggestion
Query dbt metrics with external integrations using the [dbt Semantic Layer APIs](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-api-overview), simplifying metric querying and reducing coding. This also ensures data governance and consistency for data consumers.
```

There are a number of data applications that seamlessly integrate with the dbt Semantic Layer, powered by MetricFlow, from business intelligence tools to notebooks, spreadsheets, data catalogs, and more. These integrations allow you to query and unlock valuable insights from your data ecosystem.

Use the [dbt Semantic Layer APIs](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-api-overview) to simplify metric queries, optimize your development workflow, and reduce coding. This approach also ensures data governance and consistency for data consumers.

<!-- turn these into cards for ga -->

import AvailIntegrations from '/snippets/_sl-partner-links.md';

<AvailIntegrations/>

> ### Custom integrations

Author: ```suggestion
### Custom integration

```

> You can create custom integrations using different languages and tools. We support connecting with JDBC, ADBC, and a GraphQL API. For more information, check out [our examples on GitHub](https://github.com/dbt-labs/example-semantic-layer-clients/blob/main/python/src/adbc_example.py).

Author: ```suggestion
You can create custom integrations using different languages and tools. We support connecting with JDBC, ADBC, and a GraphQL API. For more info, check out [our examples on GitHub](https://github.com/dbt-labs/example-semantic-layer-clients/blob/main/python/src/adbc_example.py).
```

There are a number of data applications that seamlessly integrate with the dbt Semantic Layer, powered by MetricFlow, from business intelligence tools to notebooks, spreadsheets, data catalogs, and more. These integrations allow you to query and unlock valuable insights from your data ecosystem.

Use the [dbt Semantic Layer APIs](/docs/dbt-cloud-apis/sl-api-overview) to simplify metric queries, optimize your development workflow, and reduce coding. This approach also ensures data governance and consistency for data consumers.

<!-- turn these into cards for ga -->

import AvailIntegrations from '/snippets/_sl-partner-links.md';

<AvailIntegrations/>

### Custom integration

> You can create custom integrations using different languages and tools. We support connecting with JDBC, ADBC, and a GraphQL API. For more info, check out [our examples on GitHub](https://github.com/dbt-labs/example-semantic-layer-clients/blob/main/python/src/adbc_example.py).

Author: ```suggestion
You can create custom integrations using different languages and tools. We support connecting with JDBC, ADBC, and a GraphQL API. For more info, check out [our examples on GitHub](https://github.com/dbt-labs/example-semantic-layer-clients/).
```

<AvailIntegrations/>

### Custom integrations

> You can write a custom integration in a variety of languages and tools. We support connecting through JDBC, ADBC, and a GraphQL API. Refer to [some examples](https://github.com/dbt-labs/example-semantic-layer-clients/blob/main/python/src/adbc_example.py) for more info. (WILL TWEAK IN AN HOUR)

Author: ```suggestion
You can create custom integrations using different languages and tools. We support connecting with JDBC, ADBC, and a GraphQL API. For more information, check out [our examples on GitHub](https://github.com/dbt-labs/example-semantic-layer-clients/blob/main/python/src/adbc_example.py).
```
